here what's up guys it's matt from
headphone styles calm got a new pair of
headphones here for you today going to
do a review on them really really nice
pair of headphones they're called the
Marshall monitor FX headphones so pretty
much what came in the box was the
carrying bag which is fairly nice
although I like to keep my headphones in
a hard case this is still a nice bag it
also comes with a little instruction
booklet of course as well as the
detachable cable which is always nice to
have you can you can also place this
cable in either year whichever is more
convenient for you
so also right after I unbox them this
was in the ear pieces it says here we
know sound is a personal thing choose
your own sound experience with monitors
FTF felt treble filter system so pretty
much what this means is under each
earpiece here is a little piece of
cardboard so I'll show you you just pull
off the earpiece it's magnetic and
there's a little flap of cardboard right
here you can just pull that right out I
won't do it right now but you just pull
them right out and and then you pop the
earpiece back on and that's going to
increase the the audio clarity of these
headphones so one thing I do have to say
about these is the base is very strong
on them they be really great pair of
headphones for hip-hop or a house music
techno whichever whatever type of music
that you like that has a lot of bass
these would be great for that
the trouble is a little bit weak on them
so I wouldn't highly recommend these for
rock music although you know when you
take out the flops it is a lot clearer
you get I mean they're they're ok for
any kind of music but there they are
better off with with hip-hop and and
house types of music with a lot of bass
in them
very strong
strong audio coming out of these you can
feel it rumbling your head when you have
them on very very nice pair of
headphones as well I mean they're pretty
much an all metal construction of course
you can extend the headband like that
that your pieces don't pivot although
the the cops do flip like this you can
you can flip them around when they're
when they're on your neck or whatever
your Cup's very nicely padded there it's
not memory foam but it is a nice soft
padding headband is really nice and soft
as well
it has a nice flexibility to them so
they've got a very tight to fit once you
put them on very tight the ear cups are
really comfortable I find I do have a
small head and small ear so they fit me
very well but if you have a throne the
larger side they might be a little bit
tight for you although from either
they're just perfect overall really
amazing construction as I had said
they're all metal you'll notice the the
little brass pieces in here there's
brass finishing on the cable as well to
do a closer look at this so yeah I'm
very impressed with the construction on
these you also have the the control on
the cable here you know volume control
pause play and a microphone and you've
got a a coil cable which is really
convenient especially for City use it's
just the perfect length for City use
you've got a little bit of a brass
finishing on here as well very very nice
overall I'm very happy with them you're
really not going to find better quality
headphones in this price range the only
thing I would have to say is the audio
that the treble is a little bit soft on
them but when you take out that you that
flap inside is they do recommend to do
if you want a little bit clearer audio
then you you do get some better
performance out of these overall a
really nice design I love the style on
them very low-key simple you know the
earpieces have a rubbery finishing on
them you can tell that there
there's some quality put into these here
very very nice so I'll be doing a
written review on these as well I'll add
the link to that at the bottom of this
video so have a look there in the
description for more information and
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
for more headphone reviews and I'll be
with you guys soon thanks for watching
bye now